.TH man 1 "02 december 2022" "1.0" "Holberton Simple Shell Project"
.SH NAME
simple_shell: command line interpreter

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B simple_shell
[command_string [arg...][file]]

.SH COPYRIGHT
Public Domain, no copyright protection

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B simple_shell
is a command line interpreter that reads and implements basic commands from user input as a shell would.

.SH USER INPUT
Once a user inputs a command and hits enter, the shell performs the following actions:

1. Splits the command into an array of words.

2. Looks for the command.

3.a. If a built-in command find : executes the command.
3.b. If no command is find : returns an error message and print a new line.


.SH SEARCH FOR COMMAND
When locating a command, the shell looks for a built-in command by that name.
If a built-in command is not found, the shell searches for the command in the PATH.

.SH EXECUTE COMMAND
Commands are executed in a child process of the main process.

.SH BUILTINS

.IP cd
Switch to the specified directory.
.IP echo
Print the arguments on the standard output.
.IP exit
Exits the simple_shell.
.IP ls
List information about the current directory's files, sort entries alphabetically.

-l      use a long listing format.
.IP pwd
Prints the path of the current directory.

And plentyother built in command already include in the Shell.

.SH AUTHORS
This man page was written by :

 Pauline <pauline.parmigiani@holbertonstudents.com>
 Mohamed <mohamad.al-annan@holbertonstudents.com>
 Marine <marine.dehaye@holbertonstudents.com>

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR man
.BR sh
.SH REPORTING BUGS
First of all, please take a minute to admire this hardwork and feel grateful to have the luck to experience the work of three newbies full of motivation :
.B HALLELUJIA 
!!

Secondly if any problems show up : try again our
.B simple_shell
is made with the last drop of vital energy.

If you have any other problem do not hesitate to use the
.B real shell
!
.SH DEDICATION

From Pauline : love you my dear emotional support cat ! xoxo

From Mohamad: to our dear Julien you've been challenging, we will remenber it........

From Marine : To Pêché Mignon our official chocolatine supplier, thanks for being here during the though times. Love you <3

And finally, thanks to all the members of this group, this was a big challenge for us but we made it and kept our smiles and our kindness to each other till the end. 

.B XOXO Holbies ;)
